PLAN OF THE YEAR 2021 

DARSHAN CHURCH has been doing a lot since 22years in Nepal stood by self 
with much struggle of pastor Indra and Minister Sujan Ghimire to bring this ministry upto this....

God was always in our ways to bless and guide us .
whatever we could do was our self effort with guidence of God and prayers and co operation of our believers .
we did everything out of nothing only being supported by prayer of our believers ...
our faith in God led us and strengthened us to serve Him much that as we could .
But no one can stand always or no ministries goes well without being financially supported by people.
we always urge people of God to pray and help to the ministries of Darshan Church in every way its possible from your side.

We are in most discomforting zone in rural village of Nepal serving Lord all over Nepal 
Nepal special attention paid for the places where gospel is not preached and there is no places for worship. 

OUR goal is not complete yet and we have to do a lot in Nepal to spread good news among those poor souls who still have not heard about Jesus .
We go only to the places where gospel is needed and 
we are not silent even in the times when there are persecutions and torture to christians for preaching gospel 
but we believe we preach Jesus by words attitudes and action.

At present christian movement is in risk in Nepal 
orthodox religious group doesn't want Jesus be preached in Nepal so Darshan Church is still active to share gospel 
through different means like providing aidto disable , widow , orphan, helpless women and kids, poor children and all needy.

we have been able to win thousands of souls in Lord all over Nepal and 
altogether we could established 13 churches in rural villages of Nepal 
but in some places we have group of believers only 
but no house of fellowship.

To continue our services, fellowship and ministries further we need prayer and 
help from people like you who love Jesus and who love serving God with pure heart 
and love to give something for servants of God who are doing hard works in these very discomfort places of Nepal 

please pray and support for the plan that we need to fulfill for the year2021 
to carry all necessary services in Nepal Darshan Church always needs your prayer , 
advice and financial help and we are committed we won't make anyone to feel regret of them donating for Darshan Church Ministry in Nepal 

OUR NEEDS: 
(1) Three churches Construction
(2) Three toilets construction for churches where there is no toilet
(3)Gospel outreach management
(4) 15water tank construction in villages all over Nepal 
(5)Means of transportation for Main Church to look over whole Nepal 
(6) two scooters for pastors of villages
(7)30 Family support for pastors and volunteers in all sister churches of Darshan Church
(8)Spiritual training and Bible study training twice for the leaders and believers 
(9)Teaching learning materials for childrens from socially discriminated communities and helpless.
(1o) regular monthly help to 15 widows of Church all over Nepal.
(11) Aids for disable people for their needs 
(12) 24Goats distribution for the year for poor women
(13) Youth Fellowship and Training
(14) Two seminars for believers of all our churches 
(15) pastors and Leaders meeting
(16)Other emergency services needs and utilities bill payment etc 

Please pray and help Darahan Church to grow progress and 
expand all over Nepal to make Jesus known to people for bringing them in light of life in Jesus